When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Using a remote repository allows you to interact with github and makes collaborative work possible, it also allows other people to view, and/or improve your code. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Having manual control over pulling changes allows the user to pull whenever a logical change has been made. An automatic pull would simply pull everytime there is a change, so commits would begin to clutter. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are used to clone a repository from github onto your github. This allows you to create your own version of someone elses repository quickly, collaboratively and easily, while still giving credit to the original owner. Cloning is like forking but is not exculsive to github. Cloning does not aid very well in collaborative work when it comes to collaboratively editing someones existing repository. Branching creates a new label for different commits/different versions of code. While apart of repositories, it does change them, only add to them.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It would be similar, however not identical, to the concept of a staging area. The remote can be seen as the staging area between the local machine and github. In that case, having a copy of the last known state will help the user know exactly what he/she wants to push to github. A remote is like a larger staging area that stores more than just the changes in a repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Collaboration would be much much more difficult without github, everytime you'd work on code you'd have to be in contact with the people you are collaborating with and it would be much less efficient. Sharing the code would also be a pain
